gravity sucks cuz everything falls let
me demonstrate if I let go with this
it's going to
fall sorry yeah let let me try that
again if I drop this it's going to
fall but for you falling doesn't have to
hurt so much it's all about absorbing
impact over a longer amount of time for
instance if I bend my knees when I land
all I'm doing is lengthening the amount
of time that it takes to land if I don't
bend my
knees oh it hurts way more I literally
feel that in my organs it's not fun one
way of doing that is the fancy parkour
roll you're just lengthening the amount
of time it takes to land but if you're a
stunt man it could easily just be
bending your body so that you land one
bit at a time so pop quiz which one
hurts more does this one or does this
one now of course I broke my fall for
both of them but the first one I did hit
a little bit harder the amount of time
it took for me to stop moving when I
landed was very little so it hurt a lot
cuz when you're driving it's not the
speed that kills
you it is the suddenly becoming
stationary part that kills you stay
flexing